Add new images to UG (#209)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-W11-4/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

Examples:
* `add property n/Blk 123 a/123, Clementi Rd, #04-20, 1234665 s/James Lee p/61234567 e/james@email.com $/100000 t/hdb t/3rm`
* `add buyer n/Sam p/91234567 e/sam@email.com $/740000 t/hdb t/3rm`

Shown below is the output for the valid input `add property n/Blk 321 a/123, Clementi Rd, #04-20, 1234665 s/James Lee p/(hp) 61234567 e/james@email.com $/100000 t/hdb t/3rm`.

![Add Property](images/AddValidUi.png)

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-primary">:bulb: **Tip:**

> If you typed in an invalid input, the command box will demonstrate the correct input format so you can correct your input,

Reviewer: As per wayne's word choices:
```suggestion
If you entered an invalid input, the command box will demonstrate the correct input format so you can correct your input,
```

such as in the case below.
<br />

> <img src="images/AddInvalidUi.png" width="600"/>

Reviewer: Should crop this picture to just the command box and output.
Not directly relevant to this PR: We should change add buyer message usage to $/BUDGET, has this been done somewhere else?

* `sort buyer name desc` 
  * Returns the buyer list sorted by name in descending order

> Shown below is the output for the valid input `sort buyer price asc` after having typed in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shown below is the output for the valid input `sort buyer price asc`, after having entered 
```
